influxctl 2.10.2 (#6176)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/clustered/reference/cli/influxctl/table/iceberg/disable.md

---
title: influxctl table iceberg disable
description: >
  The `influxctl table iceberg disable` command disables Iceberg-compatible exports

>   for a table in an InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for a table in an {{% product-name omit=" Clustered" %}} cluster.
```
